[enterprise-4.14] OCPBUGS#32522: Doc improvements related to LVMCluster CR (#74937)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/lvms-creating-lvms-cluster-using-cli.adoc

* You read the "About the LVMCluster custom resource" section.

.Procedure

. Create an `LVMCluster` custom resource (CR) YAML file:
+
.Example `LVMCluster` CR YAML file
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: lvm.topolvm.io/v1alpha1
kind: LVMCluster
metadata:
  name: my-lvmcluster
spec:
# ...
  storage:
    deviceClasses: <1>
# ...
      nodeSelector: <2>
# ...
      deviceSelector: <3> 
# ...
      thinPoolConfig: <4>
# ...
----
<1> Contains the configuration to assign the local storage devices to the LVM volume groups.
<2> Contains the configuration to choose the nodes on which you want to create the LVM volume group. If this field is empty, all nodes without no-schedule taints are considered.
<3> Contains the configuration to specify the paths to the devices that you want to add to the LVM volume group.  
<4> Contains the configuration to create a thin pool in the LVM volume group.

. Create the `LVMCluster` CR by running the following command:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc create -f <file_name>
----
+
.Example output
[source,terminal]
----
lvmcluster/lvmcluster created
----

.Verification

. Check that the `LVMCluster` CR is in the `Ready` state:
+
[source, terminal]
----

> $ oc get lvmclusters.lvm.topolvm.io -o jsonpath='{.items[*].status}' -n <namespace>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$ oc get lvmclusters.lvm.topolvm.io -o jsonpath='{.items[*].status.state}' -n <namespace>
```

Author: Updated as per the suggestion!

----
+
.Example output
[source,json]
----
{"deviceClassStatuses": <1>
[ 
  {
    "name": "vg1", 
    "nodeStatus": [ <2>
        {
            "devices": [ <3>
                "/dev/nvme0n1",
                "/dev/nvme1n1",
                "/dev/nvme2n1"
            ],
            "node": "kube-node", <4>
            "status": "Ready" <5>
        }
    ]
  }
]
"state":"Ready"} <6>
----
<1> The status of the device class. 
<2> The status of the LVM volume group on each node.
<3> The list of devices used to create the LVM volume group.
<4> The node on which the device class is created.
<5> The status of the LVM volume group on the node.
<6> The status of the `LVMCluster` CR.
+
[NOTE]
====
If the `LVMCluster` CR is in the `Failed` state, you can view the reason for failure in the `status` field.

> Example of `status` field with the reason for failue:
> [source, yaml]
> ----
> status:
>   deviceClassStatuses:
>     - name: vg1
>       nodeStatus:
>         - node: my-node-1.example.com 
>           reason: no available devices found for volume group
>           status: Failed
>   state: Failed
> ----

Reviewer 2: There's a typo ("failue"), but also I feel like this sentence could just be the title for the block instead?
```suggestion
.Example `status` field with the reason for failure
[source,yaml]
----
status:
  deviceClassStatuses:
    - name: vg1
      nodeStatus:
        - node: my-node-1.example.com 
          reason: no available devices found for volume group
          status: Failed
  state: Failed
----
```

Author: Updated as per the suggestion.
